Add property allowedPrincipalTypes to unifiedRoleDefinition entity (#19079)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/unifiedroledefinition.md

| Property     | Type        | Description |
|:-------------|:------------|:------------|

> |allowedPrincipalTypes|rolePrincipalTypes|Principal types for role assignees, read-only. The possible values are: `user`, `servicePrincipal`, `group`, `unknownFutureValue`. Optional.|

Reviewer: - Suggestion
- Given this is a flagged enum, confirm the maximum number of values that can be in the string.
- Also add the property to the JSON representation section

```suggestion
|allowedPrincipalTypes|rolePrincipalTypes|Types of principals that can be assigned the role. Read-only. The possible values are: `user`, `servicePrincipal`, `group`, `unknownFutureValue`. This is a multi-valued enumeration that can contain up to three values as a comma-separated string. For example, `user, group`. Optional.|
```
